how are you very good
good to see you and what a beautiful
little shop thank you very much busy
little place very busy fantastic so the
great meat-eaters here yes they are you
love their steaks and they like them
thick beam up and down the street
there's not one Steakhouse anywhere no
there isn't
why is not whatever open one here ah I
don't know but if it was a steakhouse
locally you could supply it it would be
a pleasant change well listen thank you
ok
have a good weekend ok thank you Paul
chef thank you again take care ok so
nice now armed with local knowledge
Gordon knows that to turn this
restaurant around he must get the chef's
back on track this restaurant needs to
be known for something first big change
prime rib on the bone this is a special
to get this place in the right direction
to make your life easier to make service
quicker I am very nervous it's not every
day that you get to cook with a
world-class chef you know just slice it
from that are you down and all yeah
exactly
go ahead and put that beef in yeah I'm
excited to learn those new dishes and
then after time just put my own spin on
him and hope he doesn't come back and
throw me under the bus
the idea of chopped salad is having that
little bit of crunch there yeah romaine
shredded
few chives a little bit of bacon in
there half dress so it stays nice and
crunchy
no seasoning on avvocato your tomato
chopped egg a few chives
meltdown yes oh just think of the
complaints what you're not stuffing my
salad in a funnel what do you mean you
know serve me a funnel salad
Mike you're right with AC I'm fine with
that left my ass off when you burn those
funnels with the creme brulee tortured I
left and I understood this point there's
nothing wrong with a simple salad don't
try and make him anything that it's not
if they come and ask me for their salad
to be stuck inside a funnel I will
personally lift them and put them next
door in the retirement home last of the
[ __ ] funnel
[Music]